Add SageMaker support for graph construction, model training and inference. (#140)
awslabs/graphstorm: docker/sagemaker/README.md

# How to build docker images to run GraphStorm on SageMaker
GraphStorm can run on Amazon Sagemaker. This doc shows how to build a SageMaker compatible GraphStorm docker image.

## Prerequisites
-----------------
You need to install Docker in your environment as the [Docker documentation](https://docs.Docker.com/get-Docker/) suggests.

For example, in an AWS EC2 instance created with Deep Learning AMI GPU PyTorch 1.13.0, you can run
the following commands to install Docker.
```shell
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt update
sudo apt install Docker.io
```

You need to have the access to pull [SageMaker Framework Contaienrs](https://github.com/aws/deep-learning-containers/blob/master/available_images.md#sagemaker-framework-containers-sm-support-only).
Please follow [AWS Deep Learning Containers](https://github.com/aws/deep-learning-containers) guideline to get access to the image.

> You also need to have the access to [Amazon SageMaker service](https://aws.amazon.com/pm/sagemaker). Getting SageMaker service ready is out of scope of this doc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also need to have the access to [Amazon SageMaker service](https://aws.amazon.com/pm/sagemaker). To do this you can follow the [SageMaker Getting set-up guide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/gs-set-up.html).
```

## Build a Docker image from source
---------------
Please use the following command to build a Docker image from source:
```bash
mkdir ~/build-docker/
cd ~/build-docker/

> bash /path-to-graphstorm/docker/build_docker_sagemaker.sh /path-to-graphstorm/ docker-name docker-tag

Reviewer: We can remove `docker-name` and `docker-tag` and the script will still work right?
